I was in the pub with this man we were
talking about moderation yeah I've got
friend mark hello mark
who streams on mixer I belong and I
moderate for him occasionally when they
ban somebody out of chat being offensive
or dull or using too many emojis he
calls it the ban hammer which is a name
that's been going for a long long time
like back in the form days 15-20 years
ago moderators wielded this metaphorical
bang however in the pot I say this and
his eyes light up and I'm not 100% sure
why but here we are now with me back
[Music]
over here we have Matt you actually did
the design and build on all the
technology here he's going to be taiking
in the names of anyone who needs to be
bound over here is done another few you
might know i'm us yeah if you want
anyone banned from you tracks don't
latter's none and and the holder Chris
swings this hammer the more time they're
gonna be banned for so Chris if you're
ready so we have a server running
locally on the computer and that is a
command line input so you can type in
the username of the person you want to
ban and then that tells the game to
trigger all the visual stuff and then
when the game does the bad with the
hammer that then pipes it back through
the server to twitch and then just sends
a bang come on from that moderator
account that can just send banned stuff
into the chat light with the chat
commands line them up knock them down
you can see what sig you'll see at some
point but this is a beautiful thing I'm
witnessing in the pink the Avatar stuff
was a little bit complicated to work out
well the twitch avatars
firstly they're kind of unreliable
especially a lot of troll users and
actually have an avatar but we ended up
going with it just spawns like a sort of
generic totem and then it has your name
above it but then the colors randomize
each time so hopefully that's kind of
enough to tell that is a different
person it starts off with just a model
of a totem then as soon as you hit it it
swaps out for like a bunch of chunks
that are from the totem and they will
start simulating away so you can
actually kind of you can hit it and it
will react to the hammer and you can
swipe at the chunks afterwards it will
kind of knock them about a huge sort of
extra trick I guess with this stuff is
to add as many different visual faces
you can like having sparkles coming up
everything and a lot of impacts really
only makes sense when you see these or
dust and smoking sparks flying up this
is so sad Alexa bombed Esposito now
there is name on your chap called
Esposito but is that going to stop me
asking Matt to type the name just the
CTO into here and just ban hammer each
anyway
no of course not any name in there Wow
575 seconds man has never played theme
hospital and is braced for a ban give it
to him that's mr. riddle man we didn't
expect it to work at all for the first
10 times and but the first time crystals
in there and hit it like everyone just
laughed because it just works so huh
I wish you see you need an option to ban
half of the chat you need the Infinity
Gauntlet in your next one that's my
patch notes for this you need to fear
that will mean fini gauntlet and just
ban half the thing well try it version
2.0 yes good nice I like it alright what
done thank you for letting us join in
here
we're going to leave you and your chat
in peace now Chris I know you can't see
me in a minute but should we have one
last down to the road yeah give us one
last name please down one last name
chutney cubed chutney huge Matt's Chuck
it's been a pleasure sixty five seconds
yes Chris thank you very much Matt very
much done thank you very much
that's a lot of fun I said Toby now it's
a lot of fun
Chuck says back down all right
get one script here is what yeah thanks